---
layout: post
title: "May 2024 in Review"
---

**Books Read: 8, Average Rating: 3.5 Stars**

**The Nickel Boys by Colson Whitehead:**  4/5 Stars.

**Remarkably Bright Creatures by Shelby Van Pelt:** Very fun  3/5 Stars. 

**After Sappho by Selby Wynn Schwartz:** 4/5 Stars. 

**Poor Things by Alasdair Gray:**  3/5 Stars.

**HumanKind: A Hopeful History by Rutger Bregman:** 5/5 Stars

**Tender is the Flesh by Agustina Bazterrica:** I really wanted to like this book but it felt too much like it was motivated by veganism rather than it's own premise/plot 2/5 Stars.S

**The Dead take the A train by Cassandra Khaw:** This was a surprisingly fun monster hunter read, with a great sense of humor 4/5 Stars.

**Utopia for Realists: How We Can Build the Ideal World by Rutger Bregman:** 3/5 Stars.


**General Thoughts**

**Reset Questions**

**What went well in May?**
May was my last full month of work at the Olkahoma Tax Commmission. It was a very chalenging month as there was a lot of work to ensure a smooth transition with my exit from work. I also took my driving test and passed!

**What didn't go so well in May and what can I improve?**
I let the stress from my last month of work get to me and was too focused on perfectionism to leave work on a good note. This somewhat got in the way of how much I was able to enjoy this last full month in OKC before I move, so I want to make sure I hit my bucket list items.

**Goals for June?**
-knock off last few Oklahoma bucket list items before moving
-practice driving on the road trip
-start curriculum prep for volunteering in Ukraine

