---
layout: post
title: "February 2024 in Review"
---

**Books Read: 10, Average Rating: 3.9 Stars**

**The Happiness Project by Gretchen Rubin:** The author focuses too much on perfectionism, little truisms, and is way too repetitive 1/5 Stars.

**The Pull of the Stars by Emma Donoghue:** Incredible book for anyone interested in the role of women in medical history as well as ireland just after WW1, all wrapped up with a wondfully heart wrenching plot 5/5 Stars. 

**Outliers: The Story of Success by Malcom Gladwell:**  a thought-provoking exploration of success, delving into factors like opportunity, cultural legacy, and the 10,000-hour rule that shape exceptional achievement, though it falls just short of a 5 star rating as it does get a little repetitive. 4/5 Stars.

**Going Postal by Terry Pratchett:** This book has awesome satirical takes on the postal service, corporate corruption, and biblical references, this book deserves a solid 5/5 Stars.

**Better than the Movies by Lunn Painter:** One of the cheesiest romance books I have read in a long time, and yet so fun to read 3/5 Stars.

**Flowers for Algernon by Daniel Keyes:** I Can't believe I havent read this book before, amazing dive into the relationship between happiness, intelligence, and empathy. 5/5 Stars.

**The Good Life: Lessons from the Longest Scientific Study of Happiness by Robert Waldinger:** This book offers insightful reflections on the key factors contributing to a fulfilling life, though it falls short in providing actionable guidance beyond already having strong relationships, earning it a 3/5 Stars

**The Perks of Being a Wallflower by Stephen Chbosky:** An emotionally charged exploration of adolescence and self-discovery, delivering a raw and authentic narrative that tugs at the heartstrings. 4/5 Stars.

**The Woman in Me by Britney Spears:**Pretty much exactly what I expected from this book, I got to learn more about Britney's conservatorship and life, but it wasn't anything special 3/5 Stars.

**The Golem of Brooklyn by Adam Mansbach:** This book was an interesting retelling into one of my favorite jewish folktales, The Golem of Prague, as well as the state of modern antisemitism. 4/5 Stars.

**General Thoughts**
February was more difficult than I expected it to be. I am getting a bit less optimistic about getting into graduate school, and so I have started looking at/applying to other jobs just in case. As a result I didn't have as much time to work on this website this month. Work at least was okay, and it seems like there arent any major errors caused by the development project I led last month that went to production. That felt like a solid accomplishment since it was my first major project since I started working with FAST in July.  

**Reset Questions**

**What went well in January?**
- I read a lot of great books this month, most notably The Pull of the Stars and Flowers for Algernon
- I started seeing a dietician to learn more about how to improve my protein intake
- Work has been a bit hectic since filing season started, but I got a lot done this month

**What didn't go so well in February and what can I improve?**
- I didn't update this website as much as I wanted to, so I should be more deliberate about setting aside time for it. 
- I didn't do a good job about taking things less seriously to help manage my stress

**Goals for March?**
- Update/fill out the CV page of this website
- Start the job application process
- Continue improving my diet and strength through meeting with the dietician and going to the gym


