---
layout: post
title: "March 2024 in Review"
---

**Books Read: 8, Average Rating: 4 Stars**

**Deacon King Kong by James McBride:** Deacon King Kong” by James McBride is a vibrant, character-rich novel set in 1969 Brooklyn, praised for its humor and humanity, but its complex structure lost me at times. 4/5 Stars.

**A Court of Thorns and Roses by Sarah J. Mass:**  4/5 Stars. 

**When the Angels Left the Old Country by Sacha Lamb:** 3/5 Stars

**Anita de Monte Laughs Last by Xóchitl González:** 5/5 Stars. 

**It's Lonely at the Centre of the Earth by Zoe Thorogood:** 4/5 Stars.

**How Not to Die: Discover the Foods Scientifically Proven to Prevent and Reverse Disease: by Michael Greger:** 3/5 Stars

**Ducks: Two Years in the Oil Sands by Kate Beaton:** It is a remarkable narrative that brings to life the seldom-explored intersection of wildlife and female labor in the oil industry, shedding light on the resilience of nature and the author herself amidst the stark landscapes of industrial progress 5/5 Stars.

**Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn:** I just couldn't buy into the angst of ahhaf, she was too hard for me to root for in this book 2/5 Stars.


**General Thoughts**
The month started off a bit rocky but turned out really great. I had a few grad school interviews but didn't want to get my hopes up. However I got into the Erasmus Mundus neurodata program which seems like a really great fit! I have a very short window to decide if I will accept this program, or wait to hear back from a different program I interviewed with. I'm also getting a lot closer to getting my driver's license so I am hoping to get that done in the next month or two.

**Reset Questions**

**What went well in March?**
- I got into grad school!!
- I did some more good networking and got to have some more really interesting conversations
- I think I'm starting to see some improvements regarding energy and the way I feel with seeing a dietician

**What didn't go so well in March and what can I improve?**
- I didn't attend as many social events as I would like, so I'm putting more on my calendar next month

**Goals for April?**
- Commit to to a masters program
- Have more fun now that the pressure is off!
- keep updating this website



