---
layout: post
title: "April 2024 in Review"
date: 2024-04-30
categories: blog
permalink: /:categories/:title/
---

**Books Read: 10, Average Rating: 3.5 Stars**

**In Limbo by Deb J.J. Lee:**  3/5 Stars.

**Sharp Objects by Gillian Flynn:**  3/5 Stars. 

**March: Book One by John Lewis:** 4/5 Stars. 

**Blink: The Power of Thinking Without Thinking by Malcom Gladwell:** 3/5 Stars.

**The Tipping Point: How Little Things can Make a Big Difference by Malcom Gladwell:** 3/5 Stars

**A Court of Mist and Fury by Sarah J. Maas:** 4/5 Stars.

**March: Book Two by John Lewis:** 4/5 Stars.

**How Not to Diet by Michael Greger:** 2/5 Stars.

**A Little Life by Hanya Yanagihara:** This book was difficut to read at times but worth the effort, also trigger warning for anything you can think of. 4/5 Stars.

**Gathering Moss: A Natural and Cultural History of Mosses by Robin Wall Kimmerer:** I enjoyed this book more than I expected, and liked the back and forth between 4/5 Stars.


**General Thoughts**
I committed to attending the Neurodata Erasmus Mundus program! I also found out I was selected to volunteer in Ukraine in June with Code.X. I was originally waitlisted so I'm super excited to volunteer with the program. I went to a few training sessions for it this month, which I hope will help with navigating teaching in a high school class. 

**Reset Questions**

**What went well in April?**
- I started preparing for and did trainings for the program in Ukraine
- 
**What didn't go so well in March and what can I improve?**

**Goals for May?**
-take driving test


